when selecting a new duty station. I do always involve my wife and at
some level, my Children. I look at to see what is would be a good fit,
whether it's to stay to homestead and stay in the local area because
of the familiarity or an opportunity for your career. Is it gonna
balance, um, your career out where it's going to give you an opportunity
to promote and at the same time be a good place for your family?
So the strategy I use is I look at what we call an Alfa roster,
which shows where everybody is at. Look at the window in which I am
to deploy and maybe right down 5 to 10 different jobs that would be
interesting and be beneficial for my family. And then I take time to
really pray about it and to maybe do a little research about it. And
so when I'm talking to my detailer or the monitor, whichever decides
your fate, I have an accurate assessment of where I would like to
go. What would be beneficial for both my career and for my family?